# Warehouse-Management-System
The successful and effective management of a busy and complex warehouse relies upon the control and location of stock within the warehouse. It is essential that stock is located in the most suitable locations, to optimise storage capability and increase resource efficiency. It is critical that the warehouse team has control and visibility at all times. A warehouse needs to be defined in multiple ways to reflect your individual characteristics, with your own location descriptions. The warehouse management system is a combinatorial optimization problem, where given a map (a set of racks and their positions in a warehouse), one wants to find an order for visiting the corresponding racks in such a way that the distance is minimal. Warehouse operational costs are heavily influenced by the efficiency in which workers are able to traverse the warehouse and gather items on orders around the warehouse that must be shipped to customers. The act of traversing the warehouse is greatly optimized by finding a shortest path possible to collect the order from the specified rack position .The main goal of Warehouse Management System is to ensure consistent availability of supplies for consumers. In general, there are two issues in optimizing a system: where in the warehouse each rack should be located and also to find an optimized possible path to retrieve the order. Therefore, we propose an implementation of a warehouse management system based on Dijkstra’s Algorithm to find the best shortest path.
